# CodeKnight 1.0## Contest Details* **Duration**: 2 hours* **Start date**: Aug 14 2018, 11:30 pm CST* **End date**: Aug 15 2018, 01:30 am CST## Problems### Magical Cards#### Problem Description:Alice found a magical deck of cards numbered from **2** to **1,00,000**. Alice will pick up a card and she has to tell the **number of ways** she can make that number printed on card by using their prime factors else she will die. She doesn’t know how to find this. Being Alice's friend you have to help her in finding out number of permutations.#### Input Format:First line of the input consists of an integer **T** (no. of testcases).Each testcase contains a single integer **N**.#### Output Format:Print a single integer (number of ways she can make a number by their prime factors) for each testcase.#### Constraints:1 <= **T** <= 100000<br>1 < **N** <= 100000---### Chef and Cakes#### Problem Description:Chef Ashu has **N** bases for cakes. Bases with the same area can be placed over one another. Since Ashu is a lazy chef he wants to make **minimum number of cakes**. You need to tell him the minimum number of cakes that he can make by using all the **N** bases and also the **height** of the tallest cake that he can make.#### Input Format:First line contains a single integer t denoting the number of test cases.First line of each test case contains an integer **N** denoting the number of bases.Second line consists of **N** space separated integers **A[i]** denoting the areas of the bases.#### Output Format:Output consists of two space separated integers **M** and **H** denoting the minimum number of cakes that can be made by using all the bases and the height of the tallest cake respectively.#### Constraints:1 <= **t** <= 100<br>1 <= **N** <= 10^5<br>1 <= **A[i]** <= 10^9