# COOK96B - July Cook-Off 2018 Division 2## Contest Details* **Duration**: 2.5 hours* **Start date**: Sunday, 22nd July, 2018 at 21:30 HRS (IST)* **End date**: Monday, 23rd July, 2018 at 00:00 HRS (IST)## Problems### Encoding Message | Problem Code: ENCMSG#### Problem Description:Chef recently graduated Computer Science in university, so he was looking for a job. He applied for several job offers, but he eventually settled for a software engineering job at ShareChat. Chef was very enthusiastic about his new job and the first mission assigned to him was to implement a message encoding feature to ensure the chat is private and secure.Chef has a message, which is a string **S** with length **N** containing only lowercase English letters. It should be encoded in two steps as follows:* Swap the first and second character of the string **S**, then swap the 3rd and 4th character, then the 5th and 6th character and so on. If the length of **S** is odd, the last character should not be swapped with any other.* Replace each occurrence of the letter 'a' in the message obtained after the first step by the letter 'z', each occurrence of 'b' by 'y', each occurrence of 'c' by 'x', etc, and each occurrence of 'z' in the message obtained after the first step by 'a'.The string produced in the second step is the encoded message. Help Chef and find this message.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer **N**.The second line contains the message string **S**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one string — the encoded message.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 1,000<br>1 ≤ **N** ≤ 100<br>|**S**| = **N**<br>**S** contains only lowercase English letters---### OR Matrix | Problem Code: ORMATRIX#### Problem Description:You are given a matrix of integers **A** with **N** rows (numbered **1** through **N**) and **M** columns (numbered **1** through **M**). Each element of this matrix is either **0** or **1**.A move consists of the following steps:Choose two different rows **r<sub>1</sub>** and **r<sub>2</sub>** or two different columns **c<sub>1</sub>** and **c<sub>2</sub>**.Apply the bitwise OR operation with the second row/column on the first row/column. Formally, if you chose two rows, this means you should change **A<sub>r1,k</sub>** to **A<sub>r1,k</sub>** ∨ **A<sub>r2,k</sub>** for each **1** ≤ **k** ≤ **M**; if you chose two columns, then you should change **A<sub>k,c1</sub>** to **A<sub>k,c1</sub>** ∨ **A<sub>k,c2</sub>** for each **1** ≤ **k** ≤ **N**.For each element of the matrix, compute the minimum number of moves required to make it equal to **1** or determine that it is impossible. Note that these answers are independent, i.e. we are starting with the initial matrix for each of them.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers **N** and **M**.**N** lines follow. For each **i** (**1** ≤ **i** ≤ **N**), the **i**-th of these lines contains **M** integers **A<sub>i,1</sub>,A<sub>i,2</sub>,…,A<sub>i,M</sub>** NOT separated by spaces.#### Output Format:For each test case, print N lines. For each valid **i**, the **i**-th of these lines should contain **M** space-separated integers; for each valid **j**, the **j**-th of these integers should be the minimum number of moves required to make **A<sub>i,j</sub>** equal to **1**, or **−1** if it is impossible.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 100<br>1 ≤ **N,M** ≤ 1,000<br>**Ai,j** ∈{0,1} for each valid **i,j**<br>the sum of **N⋅M** for all test cases does not exceed  1,000,000<br>