# August Circuits 18## Contest Details* **Duration**: 9 days* **Start date**: 17th August 2018## Problems### Picu Bank#### Problem Description:You have **D** dollars with you. You want to put it into a Bank, namely Picu Bank. This bank has a peculiar behavior for interest. Regardless of the Bank deposit amount, every month it adds **A** dollars to your bank account and this continues till **M** months. Exaxtly on **M+1** months, it adds **B** dollars **(B < A)** to your bank account. This scanario repeats again in same manner. (i.e on the **(M+2)<sup>th</sup>** month **A** dollars are added, and so on.. ). Your task is to find out how many months does it take for the dollar amount to reach at least **X**, in the bank account.#### Input Format:Input starts with an integer **T(1 ≤ T ≤ 100000)**, denoting the number of test cases.  Each case starts with 5 integers **D, A, M, B**, and **X** as described in problem statement.#### Output Format:For each case of input minimum number of months needed to reach dollar value of at least X in a single line.Note that the Expected Output feature of Custom Invocation is not supported for this contest.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **D, M, X** ≤ 10^9<br>1 ≤ **B** < **A** ≤ 10^9---### String#### Problem Description:You are given a String **S** of size **N**, consisting of lowercase English characters. Now, you need to select a single English lowercase alphabet, and delete all occurrences of it from the given string **S**.Considering you do the mentioned exactly once over the given string, what is the minimum possible length of the resultant string?#### Input Format:The first line contains a single integer **N**. The next line contains a String **S** of length **N** consisting of lowercase English characters.#### Output Format:Print the required answer on a single line.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **N** ≤ 100,000---### Noor and his pond#### Problem Description:Noor is going fish farming. There are N types of fish. Each type of fish has size(S) and eating factor(E). A fish with eating factor of E, will eat all the fish of size **≤ E**.Help Noor to select a set of fish such that the size of the set is maximized as well as they do not eat each other.#### Input Format:The first line contains T, the number of test cases. The first line of a test case contains an integers N. N is the number of types of fish. Each of the next N lines contains two integers S and E meaning the size and eating factor of a fish.#### Output Format:For each test cases, print a single integer, the maximum number of fish Noor can have in his pond.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 3<br>1 ≤ **N** ≤ 100000<br>1 ≤ **S<sub>i</sub>, E<sub>i</sub>** ≤  10^9<br>**S<sub>i</sub>** > **E<sub>i</sub>**