# ISCC - Innerve Summer Code Challenge## Contest Details* **Organiser**: Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University for Women.* **Duration**: 11 days* **Start time**: 15th July 2018, 00:00 hrs IST## Problems### Big Multiplication | Problem Code: T21 #### Problem Description:On the occassion of Mathematics day, Programming Club of our college is hosting a short programming contest based on the theme of Mathematics. Our computer science faculty has given us a problem to solve.He has given two very large numbers **m** and **n**. He asks all the students to find the remainder of product of two numbers **m** and **n** when divided by "3".Help us to solve this problem.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains an integer **T** denoting the number of test cases.Each of the next **T** lines contains two space separated numbers **m** and **n**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print remainder on a new line.#### Constraints:1 <= T <= 100<br>1 <= length of m and n <= 100000### Friends Meeting | Problem Code: T22#### Problem Description:Shubham and Akshat are meeting after one year during their summer vacations. Akshat ask for help from Shubham so that he can solve the problem given by his faculty. Akshat's faculty has given a sequence of **N** numbers as **a<sub>1</sub>, a<sub>2</sub>, ..., a<sub>N</sub>** and asks him to find the smallest possible value of **a<sub>i</sub> * a<sub>j</sub>** such that it is a prime number, where 1 <= i < j <= N#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains an integer **T** denoting the number of test cases.The first line of each test case contains an integer **N** denoting the size of a sequence.Second line of each test case contains **N** integers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,...,a<sub>N</sub>**.#### Output Format:If it's possible to find any value of **a<sub>i</sub> * a<sub>j</sub>** such that it is a prime number, then print the smallest value of such **a<sub>i</sub> * a<sub>j</sub>**, otherwise print -1.#### Constraints:1 <= T <= 100<br>1 <= N <= 100<br>1 <= a[i] <= 100### Good Subsets | Problem Code: T23#### Problem Description:Devanshi is sitting with her team.She assigns a task to her teammates to evaluate their problem solving skills.She has given an array containing **N** elements as **A={a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,a<sub>3</sub>...a<sub>N</sub>}**. She ask them to check whether there exists a **good** subset or not.A good subset, say B is a subset which satisfies following statements:1. B is a non-empty subset.2. There exists no integer **x(x>1)** which divides all elements of B.3. There are no elements of B which are equal to another.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains an integer **T** denoting the number of test cases.The first line of each test case contains an integer **N** denoting the size of array.Second line of each test case contains **N** integers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,...,a<sub>N</sub>**.#### Output Format:Print **YES** if good subset exists; otherwise, print **NO** for each test case on a new line.#### Constraints:1 <= T <= 100<br>1 <= N <= 1000<br>1 <= a[i] <= 100000### Lottery Money | Problem Code: T25#### Problem Description:Jitendra has won a lottery of **K** rupees. He wants to utilize this money optimally.He wants to travel different cities in consecutive order with help of money he won in lottery. For travelling every city, he has to pay some amount. He wants to travel as many number of cities he can travel with the available lottery money.Help Jitendra to find the maximum number of cities he can travel and the remaining money.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains an integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers **N** and **K**, denoting the number of cities and the lottery money respectively. The second line of each test case contains **N** space-separated integers denoting the cost of travelling the **i**th city.#### Output Format:For each test case on new line, print two space separated integers: the maximum number of city he can visit and the unused(or remaining) money.#### Constraints:1 <= T <= 10<br>1 <= N <= 100000<br>1 <= K <= 1000000000<br>1 <= a[i] <= 1000000000 , for each valid i### Krish and Containers | Problem Code: T26 #### Problem Description:Krish loves chocolates very much. He has **N** containers numbered from **1** to **N**. Everyday, he used to select two indices **[l,r]** and adds 1 chocolate to each box starting from **l** to **r** (both inclusive).He repeats the same activity for **M** days.After **M** days, he asked his friend Nakshatra **Q** queries. Each query can be described as: How many containers have at least **K** chocolates.Help Nakshatra to answer these queries.#### Input Format:First line contains an integer **N** that denotes the number of containers.Second line contains an integer **M** denoting the number of days.Each of the next **M** lines consists of two space separated integers l and r.Followed by an integer **Q** denoting the number of queries.Each of next **Q** lines contain a single integer **K**.#### Output Format:For each query, print the result in new line.#### Constraints:1 <= N <= 100000<br>1 <= M <= 1000<br>1 <= l <= r <= N<br>1 <= Q <= 100000<br>1 <= K <= N### Mathematical Equation | Problem Code: T28#### Problem Description:Prakhar is fond of solving the mathematical equations,one day his girlfriend asked him a new equation to solve.Equation is as follows:K(K+1) = 4AB + 2max(A,B)She also gives him an array(A) of pair(A,B) of size **N**, and asks **Q** queries,in each query she gives the value of **K** and asks for the number of pairs which is present in the array(A) and satisfies the given equation for given **K**. Prakhar got stucked in solving the given equation but he don't want to disappoint his girlfriend, so he is asking for your help, can you help him out?#### Input Format:First line contains two space separated integer **N** [size of the array(A)] and **Q** (number of query to ask).Next **N** lines contains two space separated integers each lines denotes [information of pair(A,B)] of array(A).Next line contains **Q** space sepereted integers (value of **K**).#### Output Format:For each **Q**, print a single integer in new line denoting inverse modulo of the number of pairs which satisfies the given equation and also present in the given array(A) with 10<sup>9</sup>+9 or -1 if there is no such pair exist.#### Constraints:1 <= N <= 10<sup>5</sup><br>1 <= A[i],B[i] <= 10<sup>9</sup><br>1 <= Q <= 10<sup>5</sup><br>1 <= K <= 2*10<sup>9</sup>