# COOK97B - August Cook-Off 2018 Division 2## Contest Details* **Duration**: 2.5 hours* **Start date**: Sunday, 19th August, 2018 at 21:30 HRS (IST)* **End date**: Monday, 20th August, 2018 at 00:00 HRS (IST)## Problems### Balsa For The Three | Problem Code: BFTT#### Problem Description:It's well known that our friend Balsa likes the digit **3** very much. He's so obsessed with this digit that he spends time thinking about it even during holidays.Today, Balsa invented an interesting problem: For a positive integer **N**, find the smallest integer greater than **N** such that its decimal representation contains the digit **3** at least three times.You are given the integer **N**. Please solve this problem for Balsa.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first and only line of each test case contains a single integer **N**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the smallest number greater than **N** containing the digit **3** at least three times.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 40<br> 1 ≤ **N** ≤ 2⋅10<sup>9</sup>---### Mixi Game | Problem Code: MIXGA#### Problem Description:Vanja and Miksi have already finished everything for this year at their university, so they decided to spend their free time playing a game with a binary sequence **A<sub>1</sub>,A<sub>2</sub>,…,A<sub>N</sub>** (i.e. a sequence containing only integers **0** and **1**).At the beginning of the game, Vanja and Miksi write down the expression **∗A<sub>1</sub>∗A<sub>2</sub>∗A<sub>3</sub>∗…∗A<sub>N</sub>** (note below that each ∗ is a placeholder and does not denote multiplication).The players take turns alternately, starting with Vanja. The game lasts **N** turns. In each turn, the current player must replace the first (leftmost) remaining **∗** by the sign + or − (or, equivalently, by the operation of addition or subtraction).After the last turn, the boys calculate the resulting value **V** of the expression. If **|V| ≥ K**, the winner is Vanja; otherwise, the winner is Miksi.Please predict the winner of the game if both players play optimally.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers **N** and **K**.The second line contains **N** space-separated integers **A<sub>1</sub>,A<sub>2</sub>,…,A<sub>N</sub>**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — **1** if Vanja (the first player) is the winner or **2** if Miksi (the second player) is the winner.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 50<br>1 ≤ **N** ≤ 3⋅10<sup>4</sup><br>0 ≤ **K** ≤ 3⋅10<sup>4</sup><br>0 ≤ **A<sub>i</sub>** ≤ 1 for each valid **i**---### GukiZ and Candies | Problem Code: GUZAC#### Problem Description:Professor GukiZ decided to distribute all of his candies to his **N** students (numbered **1** through **N**). Let's denote the number of candies GukiZ gave to the **i**-th student by **p<sub>i</sub>**. As GukiZ has a lot of students, he does not remember all the exact numbers of candies he gave to the students. He only remembers the following properties of the sequence **p**:* The numbers of candies given to each of the first **K** students (**p<sub>1</sub>,p<sub>2</sub>,…,p<sub>K</sub>**) are known exactly.* All elements of the sequence **p** are distinct.* The difference between the maximum and minimum element of the sequence **p** does not exceed **x**.* The professor gave out the biggest possible total number of candies, i.e. **S=p<sub>1</sub>+p<sub>2</sub>+p<sub>3</sub>+…+p<sub>N</sub>** is maximum possible.Normally, professors never lie, so the information provided by GukiZ is valid and there is at least one sequence that satisfies all conditions. GukiZ would like to know the total number of candies **S** he had at the beginning. Can you help him find this number?#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains three space-separated integers **N**, **K** and **x**.The second line contains **K** space-separated integers **p<sub>1</sub>,p<sub>2</sub>,…,p<sub>K</sub>**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the number of candies GukiZ had.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 50<br>1 ≤ **N** ≤ 10<sup>9</sup><br>1 ≤ **K** ≤ min(**N**, 2⋅10<sup>4</sup>)<br>0 ≤ **x** ≤ 10<sup>9</sup><br>1 ≤ **p<sub>i</sub>** ≤ 10<sup>9</sup> for each valid **i**<br>there is at least one valid distribution of candies to students