# JULY18B - July Challenge 2018 Division 2## Contest Details* **Duration**: 10 days, From 6th July 1500 hrs IST to 16th July 1500 hrs IST.## Problems### Strike or Spare | Problem Code: PINS#### Problem Description:Chef's company wants to make ATM PINs for its users, so that they could use the PINs for withdrawing their hard-earned money. One of these users is Reziba, who lives in an area where a lot of robberies take place when people try to withdraw their money.Chef plans to include a safety feature in the PINs: if someone inputs the reverse of their own PIN in an ATM machine, the Crime Investigation Department (CID) are immediately informed and stop the robbery. However, even though this was implemented by Chef, some people could still continue to get robbed. The reason is that CID is only informed if the reverse of a PIN is different from that PIN (so that there wouldn't be false reports of robberies).You know that a PIN consists of **N** decimal digits. Find the probability that Reziba could get robbed. Specifically, it can be proven that this probability can be written as a fraction **P/Q**, where **P ≥ 0** and **Q > 0** are coprime integers; you should compute **P** and **Q**.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first and only line of each test case contains a single integer **N** denoting the length of each PIN.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing two space-separated integers — the numerator **P** and denominator **Q** of the probability.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 100<br>1 ≤ **N** ≤ 10<sup>5</sup>---### Magic Set | Problem Code: MGCSET#### Problem Description:Katya has a sequence of integers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,…,a<sub>n</sub>** and an integer m.She defines a good sequence of integers as a non-empty sequence such that the sum of the elements in each of its non-empty subsequences is divisible by **m**.Katya wants to know the number of good subsequences of the sequence **a**. Can you help her?#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers n and m.The second line contains **n** space-separated integers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,…,a<sub>n</sub>**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the number of good subsequences.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 1,000<br>1 ≤ **n** ≤ 30<br>1 ≤ **m** ≤ 1,000<br>1 ≤ **a<sub>i</sub>** ≤ 1,000 for each valid **i**---### No Strings Attached | Problem Code: NSA#### Problem Description:You are given a string **S** of lowercase English letters with length **N**. You are allowed to (but don't have to) choose one index in this string and change the letter at this index to any other lowercase English letter. The cost of this operation is the absolute value of the difference of ASCII values of the new letter and the original letter; let's denote it by **X**.Next, consider the number of pairs of indices **(i,j)** in the resulting string (the string after changing one letter, or the original string if no letter was changed) such that **1 ≤ i < j ≤ N** and **S<sub>i</sub> < S<sub>j</sub>**. Let's denote it by **Y**.Find the minimum possible value of **X+Y**.#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first and only line of each test case contains a single string **S**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the minimum value of **X+Y**.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 20<br>1 ≤ **N** ≤ 10<sup>5</sup><br>**S** contains only lowercase English letters---### No Minimum No Maximum | Problem Code: NMNMX#### Problem Description:Maheshmati and Sangu are playing a game. First, Maheshmati gives Sangu a sequence of **N** distinct integers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,…,a<sub>N</sub>** (not necessarily sorted) and an integer **K**. Sangu has to create all subsequences of this sequence with length **K**. For each subsequence, he has to write down the product of **K−2** integers: all elements of this subsequence except the minimum and maximum element.Sangu wins the game if he is able to write down all these numbers and tell Maheshmati their product (modulo **10<sup>9</sup>+7**, since it can be very large). However, Sangu is a very lazy child and thus wants you to help him win this game. Compute the number Sangu should tell Maheshmati!#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers **N** and **K**.The second line contains **N** space-separated integers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,…,a<sub>N</sub>**.#### Output Format:For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the product of all numbers written down by Sangu modulo **10<sup>9</sup>+7**.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **T** ≤ 10<br>3 ≤ **N** ≤ 5,000<br>3 ≤ **K** ≤ **N**<br>1 ≤ **a<sub>i</sub>** ≤ 10,000 for each valid **i**<br>the numbers **a<sub>1</sub>,a<sub>2</sub>,…,a<sub>N</sub>** are pairwise distinct---### Reach Equilibrium | Problem Code: EQUILIBR#### Problem Description:Chef is an intern at Zoozle. He has a co-intern named Ajar who's good at maths. Chef wants to impress Ajar with his zoozliness, so he decided to play the following game with Ajar:* Consider **n** force vectors in a 2D plane.* First, Ajar uniformly randomly chooses a non-negative real magnitude for each vector such that the sum of all magnitudes is equal to **k**. (More formally, each valid **n**-tuple of magnitudes can be chosen with the same probability.)* Then, Chef must choose a direction for each force vector in such a way that the net force (vector sum of all forces) is equal to zero. Chef wins the game if he is able to do that; otherwise, Ajar wins the game.Since Chef knows that it may not always be possible to choose the directions such that he wins the game, he would like to know the probability that he'll be able to win if he plays optimally. Can you help him?It can be proven that this probability can be written as a fraction **P/Q**, where **P ≥ 0** and **Q > 0** are coprime integers. Since we are in the 21st century, nobody is interested in fractions. Therefore, you should compute **P⋅Q<sup>−1</sup>** modulo **10<sup>9</sup>+7**, where **Q<sup>−1</sup>** denotes the modular inverse of **Q** modulo **10<sup>9</sup>+7**. (It is guaranteed that this inverse exists and is unique.)#### Input Format:The first line of the input contains a single integer **n** denoting the number of force vectors.The second line contains a single integer **k** denoting the sum of magnitudes of all force vectors.#### Output Format:Print a single line containing one integer — the value of **P⋅Q<sup>−1</sup>** modulo **10<sup>9</sup>+7**.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **k** ≤ 100<br>2 ≤ **n** ≤ 3⋅10<sup>5</sup>