# August Easy '18## Contest Details* **Duration**: 3 hours* **Start date**: Aug 04, 2018, 09:30 PM CST* **End date**: Aug 05, 2018, 12:30 AM CST## Problems### (Problem A) Pikachu and the Game of Strings#### Problem Description:Pikachu has recently learnt a new move **s**. He knows he can work hard and convert it into a stronger move **t**. Both the moves **s** and **t** contain the same number of letters.In a single day, Pikachu can increase any letter of move **s** by one, that is, in a single day, he can convert letter **A** to **B**, **C** to **D**, **M** to **N** and so on. He can also convert letter **Z** to letter **A**.Pikachu just realized he also has a hidden ability. It can help him increase any letter of move **s** by **13**, that is, in a single day, he can convert letter **A** to letter **N**, **B** into **O**, **M** into **Z**, **O** into **B** and so on.  Now Pikachu wants to know the minimum number of days in which he can convert the move **s** into move **t**?#### Input Format:First line contains an integer **n**, the length of strings **s** and **t**.Second line contains string **s** of length **n**.Third line contains string **t** of length **n**.#### Output Format:Output single line containing the minimum number of days required.#### Constraints:1 ≤ |**s**| = |**t**| ≤ 10<sup>5</sup><br>**s** and **t** consists of uppercase English letters only---### (Problem B) Pikachu vs Team Meowstic and Helping Hand#### Problem Description:Pikachu loves battling with other Pokemon. This time he has a team of **N** Meowstic to fight, **i<sup>th</sup>** of which has strength **a<sub>i</sub>**. He wants to fight with all of them **K** times. Team Meowstic came to know about this and now they have devised a strategy to battle against the mighty Pikachu.All the **N** Meowstic stand in a straight line numbered from **1** to **N**. Before every round of battle, they simultaneously use a move, called Helping Hand. It changes the attacking power of Team Meowstic as follows:* The attacking power of first Meowstic remains **a<sub>1</sub>**.* The attacking power of remaining Meowstic changes as **a<sub>i</sub> = a<sub>i</sub>|a<sub>i-1</sub>** where **2 ≤ i ≤ N** and **A|B** represents the bitwise OR of **A** and **B**. For example, if the current attacking powers are **[2, 1, 4, 6, 3]**, after using the Helping Hand, the powers change to **[2, 1|2, 4|1, 6|4, 3|6]**, or **[2, 3, 5, 6, 7]**.Help Pikachu by finding the attacking powers of all Meowstic when he fights each of them for the last time, that is, for the **K<sup>th</sup>** round.Note that, the influence of Helping Hand remains forever, and attacking powers **DO NOT** revert back after any round.#### Input Format:First line contains two space separated integers, **N** and **K**.Second line contains **N** space separated integers, the **i<sup>th</sup>** of which is **a<sub>i</sub>**.#### Output Format:Output a single line containing **N**  integers, the **i<sup>th</sup>** of which is **a<sub>i</sub>** after the last round. #### Constraints:1 ≤ **N** ≤ 10<sup>5</sup><br>0 ≤ **K** ≤ 10<sup>9</sup><br>0 ≤ **a<sub>i</sub>** ≤ 2<sup>30</sup>---### (Problem F) Pikachu and Team Rocket#### Problem Description:Team Rocket is back with **N** of their Pokemon to trouble Pikachu. The Team Rocket's Pokemon are numbered from **1** to **N** and the **i<sup>th</sup>** pokemon has health equal to **a<sub>i</sub>** Pikachu has to battle multiple Pokemon simultaneously. In a single battle, Team Rocket will make Pikachu fight against all the Pokemon in the range [**l, r**]. Pikachu can defeat a Pokemon if his attack value is atleast the Pokemon's health. So, he wants to know the minimum attack he must have to defeat all Pokemon in the range.However, this time, Team Rocket is stronger than ever. They have designed a technology to modify their Pokemon's health as either of two ways:* **Type 1**: They choose some **k(1 ≤ k ≤ N)**, and then health changes as **a<sub>i</sub> = a<sub>i+1</sub>(k ≤ i ≤ N)** and **a<sub>N</sub> = a<sub>k</sub>**.* **Type 2**: They choose some **k(1 ≤ k ≤ N)**, and then health changes as **a<sub>i</sub> = a<sub>i-1</sub>(1 ≤ i ≤ k)** and **a<sub>1</sub> = a<sub>k</sub>**.Note that, all health changes occur simultaneously.There will be **Q** events. Each event will be either a battle, or some modification of Pokemon's health by Team Rocket. For each battle, help Pikachu by finding the minimum attack value he must have to win against all Pokemon in the range.#### Input Format:First line contains two space separated integers, **N** and **Q**.Second line contains initial health values of **N** Pokémon.Next **Q** lines contain one event each.If the event is a battle, the line contains **1 l r** where [**l..r**] is the range of Pokemon.If the event is modification of type **p(1 ≤ p ≤ 2)**, the line contains **2 p k** where **k** is the index chosen by Team Rocket. #### Output Format:Output one line each for a battling event, containing the minimum attack value required to defeat all Pokemon in the range.#### Constraints:1 ≤ **N, Q** ≤ 200000<br>1 ≤ **a<sub>i</sub>** ≤ 10<sup>9</sup><br>In case of battling event, **1 ≤ l ≤ r ≤ N**<br>In case of modification event, **1 ≤ k ≤ N**